[Music]
[Applause]
the truth hurt Serina want things he
would like to hear me talking because
they know that I'm gonna say something
that might win problem when your team
gets behind yo all already boss pull a
Randy Moss pull a Randy Monica
try to take it you pull a Randy Moss
pull or any boss pull a Randy bar on the
van gets an attitude
Bulo Randy Moss pull the Randy Moss pull
a Randy myleik seven million year
everybody watch me score don't play
unless somewhere cuz I'm number anymore
I'm from North Shore and I've done my
time just a little trouble just some
street crime and since I got here
y'all I can fair I don't care yoke I'm a
millionaire you forgot about all the
great plays I made cuz I had a little
trouble with the motor may I spent the
night in jail that don't bother me no
just a little bump that she took my weed
yo the last couple weeks kind of like a
trend it's gotten uglier than mo
Williams girlfriend like when I left a
little early from the game I guess so
y'all gotta stack em o SS I like to mess
around but y'all can't take a joke
pretend to drop my pants
everybody have a stroke without Randy
the whole super fizzle
throw me the fizzle and just watch me
scare so when your team gets behind
y'all Oh Randy Moss fuller Randy Moss
puller anymore and as I try to take it
you pull Oh Randy Moss Hospital Randy
Moss pull already borrow and a fan gets
an attitude pull a Randy Moss pull a
Randy Moss pull a Randy I'll make seven
million year everybody watching store
don't play unless someone cuz I'm number
Oh
I'm just gonna show you the class in
town don't always go hand in hand a lot
of people don't know what they're
talking about
[Music]
the challenge is on all of us we're in
the playoffs everybody needs to step up
to the plate and get the job done
like I said time and time again and said
I won't walk off the field again
who says I won't because the realness
hurt the truth hurt I keep it real
no Eagles e hele s i'll give it what
they talk about they better talk about
this w that we put on Lambeau Field
today they can talk about endzone
celebration all they want to but I know
what better be behind us that W
[Applause]
[Music]
you don't write shit
how do you pay man if you don't read
checks how do you pay these guys great
cash
grazie were you upset about the time
constraint a number 10 grand
10 grand to me hey next time on my
straight